#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE - Chaotic"
(The second shooting place for 'Girl Front' MV!)
(They shooting Kim Lip's running scene!)
Kim Lip: I'm fine so far.
Kim Lip: I'm strong~
Kim Lip: Whenever we go to excercise together
Kim Lip: I'm always the last to leave.
JinSoul: we've expierence a running scene in our music video!
Choerry: Right! we ran!
JinSoul: I ran with holding a fish~
(JinSoul & Choerry have a pride of their running experiences!)
Choerry: I kept running too!
JinSoul: I ran behind a car~
(The girls had to ran many times...)
(And Kim Lip is running hard in the hot weather!)
Kim Lip: It's finally ended
Kim Lip: I think I ran almost 20 times.
Kim Lip: I hope it helps me lose weight!
Kim Lip: They're posing at there~
Kim Lip: They're welcoming me~
Kim Lip: This is how I'm loved by them.
Kim Lip: Thank you everyone~